# CPSS
(The code is still being organized. We will release the complete code once we have organized it to the standard of release.)

Title
{Fusing Consistency Regularization and Pseudo-labeling Techniques for Semi-supervised Deep Cardiovascular Disease Detection Using All Unlabeled Electrocardiograms}

Abstract
{Background and objective: Deep learning usually achieves good performance in the supervised way, which requires a large amount of labeled data. However, manual labeling of electrocardiograms (ECGs) is laborious that requires much medical knowledge. Semi-supervised learning (SSL) provides an effective way of leveraging unlabeled data to improve model performance, providing insight for solving this problem. The objective of this study is to improve the performance of cardiovascular disease (CVD) detection by fully utilizing unlabeled ECG.
Methods: A novel SSL algorithm fusing consistency regularization and pseudo-labeling techniques (CPSS) is proposed. CPSS consists of supervised learning and unsupervised learning. For supervised learning, the labeled ECGs are mapped into prediction vectors by the classifier. The cross-entropy loss function is used to optimize the classifier. For unsupervised learning, the unlabeled ECGs are weakly and strongly augmented, and a consistency loss is used to minimize the difference between the classifier's predictions for the two augmentations. Pseudo-labeling techniques include positive pseudo-labeling (PL) and ranking-based negative pseudo-labeling (RNL). PL introduces pseudo-labels for high-confidence data. RNL assigns negative pseudo-labels to the lower-ranked categories in the prediction vectors to leverage low-confidence data. In this study, VGGNet and ResNet are used as classifiers, which are jointly optimized by labeled and unlabeled ECGs.
Results: CPSS has been validated on several databases. With the same number of labeled ECGs, it improves the accuracies over pure supervised learning by 13.59%, 4.60%, and 5.38% in the CPSC2018, PTB-XL, and Chapman databases, respectively. CPSS achieves comparable results to the fully supervised method with only 10% of labeled ECGs, which reduces the labeling workload by 90%. In addition, to verify the practicality of CPSS, a cardiovascular disease monitoring system is designed by heterogeneously deploying the trained classifiers on an SoC (system-on-a-chip), which can detect CVD in real-time.
Conclusion: The results of this study indicate that the proposed CPSS can significantly improve the performance of CVD detection using unlabeled ECG, which reduces the burden of ECG labeling in deep learning. In addition, the designed monitoring system makes the proposed CPSS promising for real-world applications.}
